chore: update release processes (#1413)
CDCgov/dibbs-ecr-refiner: releases/RELEASE.md

# eCR Refiner Release Process

_Updated 6/23/26_

> This document will outline the process for releasing a new version of the eCR Refiner web application and AWS Lambda function, along with roles and responsibilites of those involved in the release process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will outline the process for releasing a new version of the eCR Refiner web application and AWS Lambda function, along with roles and responsibilities of those involved in the release process.
```

1. Run the [release candidate builder job](https://github.com/CDCgov/dibbs-ecr-refiner/actions/workflows/build-release-candidate.yml) using the following inputs:
   1. `ref` = `main`
   2. `version` = Semantic version to use in MAJOR.MINOR.POINT format (example: `1.4.0`). Bump the versioning according to the below heuristics:

>       - Bump POINT if there’s ever a patch of security issues in a live image or a need to mitigate a scan on the same bundle of features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Bump POINT if there's ever a patch of security issues in a live image or a need to mitigate a scan on the same bundle of features
```

      - Bumping MINOR if there are feature releases that need to be made (get product sign off)

>       - Bumping MAJOR if there are fundamental app changes larger than sequential feature updates (get product sign off)

Reviewer: Minor grammar nit

```suggestion
      - Bump MINOR if there are feature releases that need to be made (get product sign off)
      - Bump MAJOR if there are fundamental app changes larger than sequential feature updates (get product sign off)
```

>       - Bumping MAJOR if there are fundamental app changes larger than sequential feature updates (get product sign off)

Reviewer: I think this would make this read more clearly.

```suggestion
      - Bumping MAJOR if there are breaking architectural changes or large, non-incremental changes (get product sign off)
```

   - Check the deploy: Once the deployments to lower environments gets kicked off, check that deployed image makes it to [the APHL dev environment](https://refiner.dev.sandbox2.aimsplatform.org/) with the correct version number and the packages have the correct image tagged latest.
     ![Screenshot of version section of the footer on the dev site](./version_code_dev.png)

   - If needed, do any manual testing in lower environments needed to instill confidence in the new version.
   - If needed, address the scanned vulnerabilities and create follow-up release candidates with fixes.

> ## Promote the final image APHL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Promote the final image for APHL
```

**MAKE SURE STEPS 3 AND 4 IN THE FIRST SECTION ARE COMPLETED BEFORE PROMOTION**

Once you have gotten the OK from APHL that the release candidate has passed validation,

1. Follow the instructions in [DEMO_RELEASE.md](./DEMO_RELEASE.md) to deploy the same image to the demo environment.

> 1. Navigate to the [release page](https://github.com/CDCgov/dibbs-ecr-refiner/releases)and hit "Publish release" to make the release notes live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [release page](https://github.com/CDCgov/dibbs-ecr-refiner/releases) and hit "Publish release" to make the release notes live.
```
